the anguish of a mother refusing to let
go of a child she has
lost the despair of a child's forc to
let go of a parent she has
lost for 2 months the people of Gaza
have endured what's been described as
hell on Earth
Israel has slaughtered civilians on a
scale rarely
seen killed and named more children than
any other war in recent
times the UN says a child is killed
every 10 minutes making Gaza the most
dangerous place on Earth for
children for the UN Gaza is now the
worst single conflict in its history and
and those uncovering these Horrors the
eyes of the war have paid the highest
price journalists and their families
have been targeted making it the most
lethal Conflict for media workers in
decades and yet two months on Israel's
war of Retribution goes on
unhindered the catastrophic situation we
see unfolding in the Gaza Strip was
entirely foreseeable and preventable
my humanitarian colleagues have
described the situation as
apocalyptic in these
circumstances there is a heightened risk
of atrocity crimes its military has
flattened homes attacked refugee camps
and schools destroyed Moses and churches
besieged and bombed hospitals all meant
to be protected under international law
hospital by hospital has been attacked
shell bombed destroyed and emptied and
this is absolutely unprecedented all the
governments in the world and particular
the governments in the west and in the
United States they know that
Israel has this practice of attacking
Healthcare civilian Healthcare which is
absolutely contrary to the Geneva
Convention for 56 nights Israel has
plunged Gaza and its people in Into
Darkness it imposed a total Siege and
cut off
electricity severed phone lines and
internet during different phases of his
ground Invasion creating panic and fear
its Relentless bombardment and expanding
ground offensive from north to south has
displaced nearly all of gaza's
population with nowhere to escape from a
death that fields imminent all of this
destruction and killing can never be
justified as collateral damage it is
clear that it is a step in an episode of
zus settler Colonial project which
targets the very existence of the
Palestinian people in the land of Mand
Palestine in Gaza steadfastness has
always been a way of life through
Israel's Wars and Siege but this is a
war of many first Palestine is at a
pivotal moment Israel is waging a war of
collective punishment and the
International Community has failed to
stop it Priyanka Gupta
Al